---
layout: legal
title: Processor Disclosure
permalink: /policy/processor/
header-title: Processor Disclosure
header-desc: ""
header-image: /assets/images/matthew-henry-fPxOowbR6ls-unsplash.jpg
header-image-height: 3840
header-image-width: 5760
scroll-link: "#read-text"
second-button: "<a href='#read-text' class='smoothscroll btn btn--stroke'>Learn More</a>"
last_updated: September 28, 2024
---

We use the following third-party processors to collect and analyze data about visitors to our website:

**Google Analytics**

We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our site. Google Analytics uses cookies to gather data on website traffic, user behavior, and other metrics. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. 

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

**Meta Pixel** 

We use the Meta Pixel (formerly Facebook Pixel) to collect information about how visitors interact with our website and ads. The Meta Pixel uses cookies to track user activity and conversions across devices. Information collected may include pages visited, products viewed, purchases made, and ads clicked. This data is sent to Meta to provide measurement services and target ads.

**HubSpot Analytics and Forms**

We use HubSpot's analytics tools and forms to collect information about website visitors and leads. HubSpot uses cookies to track user sessions, page views, form submissions, and other website interactions. Information collected through HubSpot forms may include name, email address, company name, and other contact details provided voluntarily by users.

**OpenStreetMap**

We embed maps from OpenStreetMap on our website. When you view a page with an embedded map, your IP address and information about your browser may be sent to OpenStreetMap's servers. OpenStreetMap does not use this data to identify individual users or to create profiles.

For more information about how these processors handle your data, please refer to their respective privacy policies:

- [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)
- [Meta Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/)
- [HubSpot Privacy Policy](https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy)
- [OpenStreetMap Privacy Policy](https://osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy)

You can opt out of data collection by these processors by adjusting your browser settings to refuse cookies or by using available opt-out tools provided by the processors.

